OSDOCS-20972 [NETOBSERV] 1.12.2 release (#117094)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-flowcollector-api-specifications.adoc

| `namespace`
| `string`
| Namespace where Network Observability pods are deployed.

> Those pods require various cluster role bindings in order to operate. Those bindings are preinstalled for service accounts located in the default namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those pods require various cluster role bindings to operate. Those bindings are preinstalled for service accounts located in the default namespace.
```
minimalism; don't know what we mean with "those" and "those" here--odd phrasing; do we mean the NO pods and then maybe "Default" bindings?

Author: Automatically generated API docs.

> If you configured a different namespace, you must update (or recreate) the cluster role bindings accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configured a different namespace, you must update or re-create the cluster role bindings accordingly.
```
no parens and use hyphen (IBM and re-create and recreate are different words--won't translate)

Author: Automatically generated API docs.

> You can see the list of preinstalled bindings here: https://github.com/netobserv/netobserv-operator/blob/main/helm/templates/component_role_bindings.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the list of preinstalled bindings here: link:https://github.com/netobserv/netobserv-operator/blob/main/helm/templates/component_role_bindings.yaml[title here]
```
but this link 404s anyway

Author: Automatically generated API docs.

Author: Checked with engineering, and they said to use a different URL. Replaced the URL with the one they provided.

| `object`
| TLS and mTLS client configuration. When using TLS, verify that the address matches the Kafka port used for TLS, generally 9093.
We recommend the use of mTLS for higher security standards.

> When configuring TLS, the operator watches the certificate secret and copies it to both the netobserv and netobserv-privileged namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring TLS, the Operator watches the certificate secret and copies it to both the `netobserv` and `netobserv-privileged` namespaces.
```
the operator configures TLS?

Author: Automatically generated API docs.

> In order to do so, you must grant it permissions to the `netobserv-secret-watcher` and `netobserv-secret-creator` roles in the corresponding namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must grant the Operator permissions to the `netobserv-secret-watcher` and `netobserv-secret-creator` roles in the corresponding namespaces.
```
i would probably flip these, maybe something like "you must grant the Operator permission..." because the user action is a little buried here

Author: Automatically generated API docs.

--
TLS and mTLS client configuration. When using TLS, verify that the address matches the Kafka port used for TLS, generally 9093.
We recommend the use of mTLS for higher security standards.

> When configuring TLS, the operator watches the certificate secret and copies it to both the netobserv and netobserv-privileged namespaces.

Reviewer: same comments

Author: Automatically generated API docs.

| `object`
| TLS and mTLS client configuration. When using TLS, verify that the address matches the Kafka port used for TLS, generally 9093.
We recommend the use of mTLS for higher security standards.

> When configuring TLS, the operator watches the certificate secret and copies it to both the netobserv and netobserv-privileged namespaces.

Reviewer: same

Author: Automatically generated API docs

--
TLS and mTLS client configuration. When using TLS, verify that the address matches the Kafka port used for TLS, generally 9093.
We recommend the use of mTLS for higher security standards.

> When configuring TLS, the operator watches the certificate secret and copies it to both the netobserv and netobserv-privileged namespaces.

Reviewer: same

Author: Automatically generated API docs.

| `namespace`
| `string`
| Namespace where this `LokiStack` resource is located. If omitted, it is assumed to be the same as `spec.namespace`.

> When configuring a different namespace, the operator watches certificate secret and copies it to the netobserv main namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring a different namespace, the Operator watches certificate secret and copies it to the `netobserv` main namespaces.
```

Author: Automatically generated API docs.

> In order to do so, you must grant it permissions to the `netobserv-secret-watcher` and `netobserv-secret-creator` roles in the corresponding namespaces.

Reviewer: same, action first

Author: Automatically generated API docs.
